[Music]
deep down in Louisiana coast of New
Orleans we're back up and was among the
evergreens to the lock everything over
the word we'll leave it County by name
jolly good grammar and wheedle right
Takas back a ring
Oh daddy bow
Go Daddy Go Go Daddy Go Go
Go Daddy Go Go
tiny girl he's the carry guitar
Go Daddy go
be good
[Music]
come on
oh good one comet are you wearing her
shoes yeah right what shoes in the
middle of a routine what did you think
of that you're this Kelly you are a very
talented dancer and Brendon you don't
have to do anything controversial with
this girl you just stick with doing the
dances and I'll tell you what you'll go
right through because you did that jive
absolutely
[Applause]
behavior sir behaviors you're Bruno well
what can I say
electrifying real pink lightning you
where on the floor criticizing your feet
lovely turn Lenny's absolutely right
going because you're doing well okay
okay great
you're valued comments well I have to
agree
it was bright lively clean K X flicks
everything a driver's about punctuation
on your finishers I thought were
excellent and impeccable timing
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah is there anything to add
yes oh that was Kelly be good bad was
the closest thing I've seen to the
legendary Jill Hoffman II and Darrin's
jaw shot with make well done absolutely
well great stuff you did work out you
can see how hard and Craig Revel Horwood
[Applause]
Goodman and Bruno Tonioli joint highest
score so far and fantastic thank you